Total

Question 1 -> 30 = 24

Question 2 -> 10 + 10 = 20

Question 3 -> 10 + 10 + 10 + 15


Question 1 - Identify data structure

Library Organizational Structure → A NodeQueue is not an appropriate choice for representing this structure. Queues are designed for FIFO processing, not for representing hierarchical relationships.
The requirement describes a hierarchical structure (Main Branch → Children’s Section → Early Readers), which is best represented using a Tree (Binary Tree or general Tree) where each node can have child nodes representing sub-branches.

General Storage (Unordered) → A List is not the best justification for this requirement. While a list can store unordered items, the justification is incorrect in stating that a list has a fixed size and supports searching on both sides. Lists are typically dynamic and searching requires sequential traversal from the beginning.
The requirement specifically mentions that searching may require checking both sides of the structure, which more closely aligns with a Binary Tree, where searches may proceed through both left and right subtrees.

Top 10 Most Borrowed Books → A Binary Search Tree (BST) is not the best choice for this requirement. While a BST organizes elements based on key values (such as borrow count), retrieving the maximum element still requires traversing to the far-right node, and maintaining the top 10 most borrowed books would require additional logic.
A Max Heap would be a better choice because it is specifically designed to efficiently maintain and retrieve the highest-priority element (in this case, the highest borrow count).





Part 4:
Part 4 – Iterator Implementation →
The implementation is not correct. The iterator() method must return an instance of an Iterator<Package>, typically implemented using an anonymous inner class (new Iterator<Package>() { ... }). In the current code, the return statement is missing the new Iterator<Package>() declaration, so the code will not compile.

Additionally, the hasNext() condition should use:

i < internalStorage.size()

instead of i != internalStorage.size() to clearly indicate that iteration should continue while the index is within bounds.

The next() method also increments the index before retrieving the element, which works but is less clear. A cleaner implementation would retrieve the element first and then increment the index.