If you ever fall off the Empire State Building, go limp, because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy.
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is ‘God is crying.’ And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is ‘Probably because of something you did.’
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other.
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.
One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse and said, ‘Oh no, Disneyland burned down.’
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then on the way out, slam the door.
I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I’d just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays? Maybe you’ll flunk, but you might catch some rays.
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let them go, because man, they're gone.
If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn’t open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you’re swimming.
If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
If you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus' name, Amen.'
When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns.
One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don’t run with a wooden stake.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong though. It's Hambone.
To me, clowns aren’t funny. In fact, they’re kind of scary. I’ve wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.
Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see.
Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel ashamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams.
If you ever feel like you’re on the verge of a nervous breakdown, just follow these simple rules: don't eat any white food, stop sleeping, and invest all your money in exotic birds.
I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, well... I'd have all my money back.
When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, mmm boy.
One thing I learned from watching chimpanzees in the wild is that you can always tell which ones are the alpha males, because they wear the little hats.
If I lived back in the Wild West days, instead of carrying a six-gun in my holster, I’d carry a soldering iron. That way if some smart-aleck cowboy said something like, ‘Hey, look. He’s carrying a soldering iron!’ and started laughing, and everybody else started laughing, I could just say, ‘That’s right, it’s a soldering iron. The soldering iron of justice.’ Then everybody would get real quiet and ashamed, because they had made fun of a man with a soldering iron of justice.
I bet if you looked up 'idiot' in the dictionary, you’d find a picture of me. But it would be an old picture from when I was a kid, because I’ve changed.
I hope that after I die, people will say of me: ‘That guy sure owed me a lot of money.’