The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. – Franklin D. Roosevelt  
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. – Neil Armstrong  
I think, therefore I am. – René Descartes  
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. – Martin Luther King Jr.  
Give me liberty, or give me death! – Patrick Henry  
To be, or not to be, that is the question. – William Shakespeare  
The unexamined life is not worth living. – Socrates  
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. – George Santayana  
I came, I saw, I conquered. – Julius Caesar  
Speak softly and carry a big stick. – Theodore Roosevelt  
The die is cast. – Julius Caesar  
Ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for your country. – John F. Kennedy  
Liberty, equality, fraternity. – Maximilien Robespierre  
Let them eat cake. – Marie Antoinette  
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. – Lord Acton  
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. – Muhammad Ali  
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. – Mahatma Gandhi  
I am the state. – Louis XIV  
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. – Abraham Lincoln  
He who opens a school door, closes a prison. – Victor Hugo  
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. – Winston Churchill  
Imagination is more important than knowledge. – Albert Einstein  
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. – Thomas Edison  
Hell is other people. – Jean-Paul Sartre  
Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains. – Jean-Jacques Rousseau  
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. – Socrates  
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. – Eleanor Roosevelt  
The ballot is stronger than the bullet. – Abraham Lincoln  
Give me liberty or give me death! – Patrick Henry  
A house divided against itself cannot stand. – Abraham Lincoln  
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. – Voltaire  
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. – Winston Churchill  
Revolutions are not made with rose water. – Karl Marx  
All men are created equal. – Thomas Jefferson  
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. – Plato  
Liberty is the soul's right to breathe. – Robert Green Ingersoll  
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. – Benjamin Franklin  
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. – Aristotle  
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. – Edmund Burke  
I can resist everything except temptation. – Oscar Wilde  
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. – Lao Tzu  
That government is best which governs least. – Henry David Thoreau  
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking. – William Butler Yeats  
Better to die standing than to live on your knees. – Emiliano Zapata  
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman. – Margaret Thatcher  
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill  
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work if it isn’t open. – Frank Zappa  
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. – Mahatma Gandhi  
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. – Martin Luther King Jr.  
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi  
Give peace a chance. – John Lennon  
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. – Albert Einstein  
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. – Thomas Edison  
The pen is mightier than the sword. – Edward Bulwer-Lytton  
Knowledge is power. – Francis Bacon  
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate. – John F. Kennedy  
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. – George Orwell  
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. – Malcolm X  
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. – Nelson Mandela  
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us. – J.R.R. Tolkien  
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. – William Shakespeare  
Time is money. – Benjamin Franklin  
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. – Jimi Hendrix  
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs  
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. – James Baldwin  
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. – Theodore Roosevelt  
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt  
It is not length of life, but depth of life. – Ralph Waldo Emerson  
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein  
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. – Benjamin Franklin  
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. – Ralph Waldo Emerson  
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. – George Bernard Shaw  
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. – Martin Luther King Jr.  
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance. – Thomas Jefferson  
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. – Abraham Lincoln  
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. – Mark Twain  
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. – Napoleon Bonaparte  
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. – Niccolò Machiavelli  
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. – Edmund Burke  
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold. – Bob Marley  
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. – Martin Luther King Jr.  
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of another. – Charles Dickens  
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. – Charles Darwin  
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. – Eleanor Roosevelt  
Without justice, courage is weak. – Benjamin Franklin  
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. – John D. Rockefeller  
Courage is grace under pressure. – Ernest Hemingway  
The only source of knowledge is experience. – Albert Einstein  
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. – John Lennon  
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page. – Saint Augustine  
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. – Buddha  
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. – Aristotle  
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. – Wayne Gretzky  
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. – Muhammad Ali  
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Nelson Mandela  