Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Opportunities don't happen. You create them.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Limit your ‘always’ and your ‘nevers’.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Go the extra mile. It's never crowded there.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
You are capable of amazing things.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Work hard in silence, let success make the noise.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it away from you.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
Well done is better than well said.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
The best revenge is massive success.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.